c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\bin\Debug\DontEatHere.WIN8.exe
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\bin\Debug\DontEatHere.WIN8.pdb
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\bin\Debug\DontEatHere.WIN8.build.appxrecipe
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\obj\Debug\ItemsPage.g.i.cs
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\obj\Debug\ItemsPage.g.cs
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\obj\Debug\SplitPage.g.i.cs
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\obj\Debug\SplitPage.g.cs
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\obj\Debug\ItemsPage.xaml
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\obj\Debug\SplitPage.xaml
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\obj\Debug\DontEatHere.WIN8.exe
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\obj\Debug\DontEatHere.WIN8.pdb
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\Users\Jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DontEatHere\DontEatHere.WIN8\obj\Debug\DontEatHere.WIN8.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
